Add Travis CI for ANTLR tests (#171)
Qiskit/openqasm: source/grammar/README.md

# OpenQasm 3.0 Grammar

Grammar specification in [ANTLR](https://www.antlr.org/). See `openqasm/source/grammar/qasm3.g4`.

## Working with ANTLR
To get up and running with ANTLR, follow these steps.
1. Install ANTLR locally following these [instructions](https://github.com/antlr/antlr4/blob/master/doc/getting-started.md).
2. Install the ANTLR Python runtime: `pip install antlr4-python3-runtime`.
3. Generate the ANTLR parser files in Python: `antlr4 -Dlanguage=Python3 MYPATH/qasm3.g4`
    - Note: This assumes you set the `antlr4` alias on installation.
4. You can now use the generated files to parse qasm3 code! See, for instance, the method `build_parse_tree()` in `openqasm/source/grammar/tests/test_grammar`.

## Run the Tests
1. Make sure you are set up with ANTLR by following the steps above.

> 2. Run the test suite: `pytest MYPATH/test_grammar.py` (or just `pytest`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the root of the repository run the test suite: `pytest openqasm/source/grammar/tests/test_grammar.py` (or just `pytest .`)
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/Qiskit/openqasm/pull/171/commits/bc4a93aca446153a6a2484eca097946b4d5238cc.

>     - `test_grammar.py` path: `openqasm/source/grammar/tests/test_grammar.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/Qiskit/openqasm/pull/171/commits/bc4a93aca446153a6a2484eca097946b4d5238cc.
